openshift/README.adoc, before:

= Set up OpenShift for testing
:toc: left

These instructions will help you set up a small cluster with observable
signals for test or demonstration purposes. This is not intended for
production clusters.

== Log-in to a cluster

Log into an existing OpenShift cluster as `kubeadmin` or other user with the `cluster-admin` role.

To create a test cluster on your own machine install
https://developers.redhat.com/products/openshift-local/overview[OpenShift Local]

== Installing Observability Components

1. Install the Cluster Observability Operator from OperatorHub or from a test build
2. Run `make all` to install all supported observability components (operator and default resources)
  and `uiplugins` to enable the corresponding console views.

You can also install components individually, read the link:Makefile[Makefile] for details.

== Viewing in the Console

In the Openshift console you should see entries in the "Observe" menu:

- _Logs_
- _Network Traffic_
- _Traces_

== Uninstalling

[source,bash]
----
make clean-cluster
----

Commit message:

fix: Updated resources and scripts for latest versions

openshift/README.adoc, after:

= Set up OpenShift for testing
:toc: left

FIXME: need to update channel versions to stable-X.Y, no "stable" for logging.

These instructions will help you set up a small cluster with observable
signals for test or demonstration purposes. This is not intended for
production clusters.

== Log-in to a cluster

Log into an existing OpenShift cluster as `kubeadmin` or other user with the `cluster-admin` role.

To create a test cluster on your own machine install
https://developers.redhat.com/products/openshift-local/overview[OpenShift Local]

== Installing Observability Components

1. Install the Cluster Observability Operator from OperatorHub or from a test build
2. Run `make all` to install all supported observability components (operator and default resources)
  and `uiplugins` to enable the corresponding console views.

You can also install components individually, read the link:Makefile[Makefile] for details.

== Viewing in the Console

In the Openshift console you should see entries in the "Observe" menu:

- _Logs_
- _Network Traffic_
- _Traces_

== Uninstalling

[source,bash]
----
make clean-cluster
----
